A massive, massive wall stands
in front of me, blocking my way.
I wonder what the view is like on the other side.
What does it look like?
The view from the summit—
it's something I'll never be able to see alone.
But if I'm not alone...
Let's have a good match!
The heat flickers
Sweat glitters on my skin
Shouts echo and shoulders hit
We asked the sky through the open window
Haikyuu !!
what our summer would be like
Tell me, Mr. Future
Come on, come on, come on
The chance is there
Do it together
Everybody always wants to stand there,
make mistakes, get angry, and struggle
We'll never give up
We don't want it to end
I will continue on with my imagination
I want to struggle and fall and become stronger
I want to persevere, stand back up, do it again,
and never give up
Let me run
I will run to where my imagination leads me
Episode One:
The End and The Beginning
Yes!
He nailed it!
He's the Little Giant!
That's makes five points in a row!
This is the Spring High School
National Volleyball Tournament.
Crowed by players nearly 190 cm tall, the Little Giant of Karasuno High jumps around strutting his stuff!
Karasuno, from the next town over?
That's impressive.
Shou, hurry. We'll lose our spot!
Karasuno...
Approximately 3 years and 3 months later
Shou, wait up!
It's huge.
It smells like Air Salonpas!
Shou, you need to loosen up.
What are you, a hick?
B-But this is my first real match.
Finally, for the first time in three years.
I'm amazed you got us a spot.
Izumin, Kouji,
thanks for coming to help out our club.
Stop that!
Our tournament already wrapped up.
And thank you, first-years!
It's a miracle that the three of you joined the team!
Oh, yes.
We're still total amateurs, though.
Don't cry, Shouyou!
I'm not crying!
You're practically a waterfall.
U-Um, Hinata, we really should get warmed up.
Come on, Captain. Take charge!
Yeah!
You dragged us into this, and we still don't know the rules!
I-I know that.
We barely made it into this tournament.
We're in it to win it!
Miyagi Prefecture Boys' National Junior High Volleyball Tournament Qualifier Bracket
What?!
You're gonna put in our ramshackle amateur team to win?
Miyagi Prefecture Boys' National Junior High Volleyball Tournament Qualifier Bracket
Of course!
What's our opponent Kitagawa First like?
Miyagi Prefecture Boys' National Junior High Volleyball Tournament Qualifier Bracket
I dunno,
but I'm gonna beat 'em!
Uh, excuse us!
C'mon.
They're huge.
What the...
\h\hCertain
Victory
Kitagawa First Junior High School
Kita First!
It's Kitagawa First.
They're huge.
They're really intimidating.
They're the favorites, right?
The have the King.
What?
Didn't you know?
They call Kageyama Tobio the King of the Court. He's supposed to be an incredible setter.
Wait. We're playing against those guys?!
What's this king crap?!
It's fine!
I'll blast through 'em no matter how gangly they are!
Yeah, 'cause you can really jump, Shou.
We're counting on you!
I need to use the can first.
I've never heard of Yukigaoka Junior High. Have you?
They don't have enough players.
They don't even have a libero!
They're they size of grade school kids.
It's no competition at all.
Hey, you guys!
I wouldn't push my luck, if I were you.
As soon as my stomach feels better, I'm gonna
whomp you on the court, so prepare yourselves.
For real?
I'm looking forward to it!
He's a grade schooler.
Idiot! He's got the captain's mark.
They're mocking me!
Hey, second-years!
The official warmup is starting.
Get moving.
Sorry. I'll be right there!
Shit. It's Kageyama.
Get moving! We need two more drinks!
We'll never drink all those anyway.
Look at who we're up against.
You're right.
Say what?!
Hey, you guys.
You aren't even warming the bench yet.
Do you think you're tough enough to disrespect our opponent?
Don't act like you own our school name.
S-Sorry!
Scary...
Y-You caught me just as I was about to tell them off myself!
Someone who can't even keep themselves healthy shouldn't act so high and mighty.
That's why they look down on you.
Excuse me?
What did you come here for?
To make a memory?
I came here to win, of course!
You make it sound easy.
I may not be that tall,
but...
I can jump!
No match is a guaranteed loss, as long as we don't give up!
Not giving up isn't as easy as it sounds!
I'm finally...
I'm finally making it on the court to play volleyball with six teammates.
I'll win the first round, then the second round...
I'll keep winning and winning!
We're going to give it our all!
In the first round, the second round,
the final, nationals...
I'll be the one still standing on the court at the end!
Shou.
Izumi.
Why are you making that scary guy angry?
I thought you went to the bathroom.
Let's get back!
What about your stomach?
It's fine!
Huh?
Damn. They're really good.
So he's their setter.
That's Kageyama Tobio, the guy they call the King of the Court, right?
So, what's a setter again?
I told you, that's the position that sets the ball!
Setter
m 1173 378 l 1173 450 1452 451.5 1453.5 376.5
We learned that yesterday!
We did?
Your timing is too slow!
Like I keep telling you, quick attacks have to get in faster than that!
Sorry.
Kageyama,
don't obsess over speed.
Your personal technique isn't the most important thing.
It's how well you set up the ball for the spiker, got it?
I know.
It's finally, finally happening!
Let's have a good match!
The opposing team is really tiny.
Kouji! Show them the number on your back!
Huh?
Kouji.
Sorry.
Don't sweat it.
Give us a nice serve!
Kitagawa First                  Yukigaoka
Hey, I don't think they're gonna get a single point.
What's wrong with that? It'll end sooner.
I guess you're right.
Shake it off!
Say something next time.
R-Right.
I'm finally standing here.
I'm not gonna let it end that easily!
What?
I'm the only club member?
Yeah. The numbers have been dropping over the years.
Oh, and boys' volleyball is more like a fanclub than an actual team.
Oh.
What do you want to do? Join another club?
Or do you wanna join the girls' team?
Uh, I'd rather not.
I'll do it alone!
Really?
I'll become the Little Giant!
Huh? What?
Kitagawa First
Yukigaoka
Nice serve.
Nice receive!
Right!
Here!
Gather 'round!
Okay, we're going running.
Right!
Here's my chance!
Izumin! You're on a break, right?
I need you to set for me!
What? Set?
I wanna try spiking!
Forget it. I've never done it before.
All I need you to do is throw it, okay?
I can't! My upperclassmen are watching.
Gather 'round!
C-Coming!
Kitagawa First
Yukigaoka
Hey, Hinata.
Why are you on the girls' volleyball team? You're a dude.
Are you kidding me?
I-It isn't like that.
Which one are you after?
There are a couple of gorgeous third-years.
There are, but...
See? Told ya!
You're wrong! I'm on the boys' volleyball team!
\h\hCertain
Victory
Kitagawa First Junior High School
You know, you sure do practice a lot for someone who never gets to play.
I-I will play! Eventually!
I'll get lots of guys together.
Everyone turns me down, but you'll see!
What do you say, Kouji?
How many times do I have to turn you down?
Hey, Izumin!
I just need you for a minute.
Sorry, I have cram school today!
Kitagawa First                  Yukigaoka
I-I'm sorry.
Don't sweat it!
That was lucky!
Look out!
Shouyou, are you okay?
Ow...
Sorry.
Okay, set for me!
I'll get it this time!
Kouji! Izumin!
Hey, do I have to keep doing this?
My arms hurt, and the ball never goes where I want it to.
I'm tired of this.
Please, just one more!
Some first-years will join me, you'll see!
You said just one more a few minutes ago.
This really is the last one!
Thanks!
Here comes.
Oops, sorry!
Go for it, Shou!
I know I'm short,
but I'll make my legs jump higher
than any wall!
Yes!
Shake it off, Shou!
I'll get the next one to you too!
I'm sorry I wasted such a good set.
I'll make the next one count.
Haikyuu !!
Right on!
Yukigaoka                  Kitagawa First
Yikes, their number five is intense.
At least Yukigaoka is starting to score a few points in the second set.
Those are all from their opponent's errors.
It's up!
Shou.
The wall!
I can't see the other side whatsoever.
They're anticipating every move.
And the guy can really jump.
Shouyou, go for another shot!
It's such a waste.
Shou, shake it off!
That was close!
Go faster!
Nice.
He's doing his crazy sets again.
The opponent's defense is practically nonexistent,
so why is he taking it so seriously?
Then when are all of you planning to take this seriously?!
Stop that! We're in the middle of a match!
Yikes.
Yukigaoka                  Kitagawa First
Kita First's setter is really good at what he does,
but it's almost like he's playing volleyball by himself.
I've got it!
Okay, here comes another service ace!
Not yet!
He'll never get that.
It hasn't fallen yet.
It's not over!
Shou?
Wow, that looks painful.
He's a fighter.
Yukigaoka                  Kitagawa First
One more point will finish off Yukigaoka.
Yeah.
Dammit!
Listen, I'm sorry. I didn't...
Sorry. I'll get the next one!
Listen!
It would be bad if you were to get hurt,
and we're never gonna beat these guys,
One more of those.
so why are you trying so hard?
Huh?
Uh, what?
I don't really understand the question, but...
we haven't lost yet.
That's right. It's simple.
No matter how tricky it is to retrieve the ball, there's only one reason to go after it.
Kouji.
It hasn't hit the ground yet.
Shou.
No matter what the disadvantage,
there's one reason to keep fighting.
We haven't lost yet.
I touched it!
He made contact! Cover it!
I'll never get this.
All right!
Yukigaoka                  Kitagawa First
Don't stop chasing it halfway!
M-My bad.
Don't let your guard down until the match is over!
I'm aware of that,
but it would take a miracle for them to overtake us now.
The point they just got on us was no miracle. It was stolen.
Our point was stolen by him!
Uh, well. Yeah, I guess, but...
As long as we don't give up!
It's over the net!
It's falling! Move up!
I'm open, Izumi!
All right! Shou, get it!
He messed up the set?
There was no double hit.
But nobody's over there.
I'm positive he went left.
I'm positive I had him marked!
How?
How can he be there?!
Oh no! Shou!
Are you okay?
O-Out of bounds?
Yukigaoka                  Kitagawa First
Shou, are you hurt?
I could barely follow him with my eyes.
That was 100% the setter's fault.
It isn't as though he anticipated the set going backward,
but he hit it anyway?
Can he react to sets like that?
Shou, get in line.
High athletic ability. Reflexes.
Hey, Kageyama. What're you doing?
The skills necessary to exercise body control.
Get in line!
And finally, tenacity for victory.
For everything he does have...
What have you been doing for the last three years?!
Excuse me?!
Just don't!
You don't know anything about what he did for these last three years!
This isn't the time or place for this!
I can't help it.
My first and last official match in junior high.
All of you, get in line!
Shou, c'mon. Let's line up.
Yukigaoka                  Kitagawa First
Sets won: zero.
Elapsed match time: a mere thirty-one minutes.
The King of the Court, huh?
Karasuno High
Volleyball Team
He'll be a tough opponent once he gets to high school.
Karasuno High
Volleyball Team
The short kid is promising too.
Karasuno High
Volleyball Team
What could we do?
I heard they're contenders for winning nationals.
Wow, I'm starving.
That's all you ever think about.
No matter how strong or weak your opponent is,
it all comes down to winning or losing.
Once you lose, you have to leave the court.
Shou?
Shouyou?
Hey!
If you're supposed to be the king who rules the court,
I'm going to defeat you
and stay on the court the longest!
Only the winner gets to stay on the court.
Only the strong.
If you want to stay in the tournament, get better at it.
What am I lacking?
Thanks for your help today!
Y-You idiot!
You don't have to thank us!
Huh? Why are you crying, Kouji?
I-I'm not crying!
Kitagawa First
Loses Just Barely
Bye, Shouyou!
Take care, Shou!
Thirty minutes by bicycle over some hills!
Today's my first day at Miyagi Prefectural Karasuno High School!
Wanna join the soccer team?
Wanna try managing the baseball team?
These are our current applicants.
Thanks.
We didn't get that many.
I know we used to get more.
We'll get more soon, Daichi.
Kiyoko, you look lovely today!
I love it when she ignores me!
I'm here! I'm here, at Karasuno!
I'm gonna practice tons...
and then challenge that king...
...to a revenge match!
Wh-Why are you here?!
Ow.
If I tell you this story,
I wonder if I can explain to you
my feelings
and the distance between us
Standing on an empty field
I breathe out into the night air
Countless times I swore that I would change
I stumbled and fell a lot,
but I swore I would laugh at the end
and not let my tears go to waste
There are so many dreams that can definitely come true
I always sat somewhere, downcast, dejected, depressed,
but still I decided I would fight,
and not let all my frustration go to waste
This is our revenge
Next Episode Preview
What is the King of the Court doing here?
Is it someone else?
A lookalike?
Someone who just happens to look like him,
who just happens to be in the gym,
who just happens to be trying to serve?
Get real!
Next time on Haikyuu!!:
Episode Two:
Karasuno High School Volleyball Team
"Karasuno High School Volleyball Team."